hey guys in this video I'm going to show
you how I built my DIY hamster cage the
interior measurements of the cage
measure at 46 inches long and 23 and a
half inches wide that is a total of a
thousand and eighty square inches of
floor space which is equal to three
times the minimum supplies needed for
this cage will be plywood for the base
contact paper or linoleum flooring from
flooring melamine wood four sides and
back metal nine edging for the
unfinished edges Plexiglas for the front
and PetSafe silicone and you may also
need some screws and a little bit of
some paint the first thing I did with my
metal mine shelves when I brought them
home I had my dad cut them down to the
size that I needed after that I earned
on all the edging that didn't have the
finished edge this is very easy to do
all you need is an iron and the tape and
line it up and then just iron on it a
little once I was done with that I
screwed the three pieces together then
for the floor I took my plywood and I
actually painted my plywood before I put
the flooring on then I took contact
paper and just stuck it on then I
flipped it over and place the plywood on
to the mellah mine then screwed the
plywood into the mellah mine
after that I trimmed up all the contact
paper that was sticking out of the edges
then I flipped the whole entire cage
over and moved it into place at this
time I had some extra melamine pieces
from cutting the shelfs down so I
decided to screw those on to the front
and side to give it a little bit of a
finished look and also with the screws
that I could see I just took some white
paint and painted over the heads then
for the Plexiglas now I got 3/16 of an
inch Plexiglas and I don't recommend
going any smaller than that if you can
afford a quarter of an inch thick then I
would definitely recommend going for
that but I had to order my Plexiglas
online so I got 3/16 of an inch so once
I got my Plexiglas in the mail I put it
into position and then silicone all the
edges and the Plexiglas into place and I
had to you
a few books to keep the Plexiglas in
place so that it wouldn't fall over then
I waited 48 hours for the silicone to
dry and then the last thing that I did
to the cage was I went and found these
little boards and I painted them white
and then hot glued them onto the sides
to just finish up the last little bit so
that is it for this video of how to
build or how I built my DIY cage the
last thing I will be doing with this
cage is getting a shelf for the top so
then I can put some more tubes and some
treats and stuff up there so if you have
any questions make sure you leave them
down below and I hope this video has
helped you out thanks for watching bye